we are going to make known the history of a person suffering from paralysis
cerebral let's see
this disease on a terrain for a normal life
does not have any kind of autonomy for sugar need constant support
sixty thousand reais by sending to a wheelchair
is that the day the ptc wallet starts
waking up having breakfast watch cartoons
afternoon listening to artur vision music and playing with the 'cats'
When the night comes, you're taking the opportunity to talk to your parents.
only hits have 30 years falls of 5 months suffered for the vice liberal
the disease did not leave the bar an ordinary life
this mr
in sequence
the people
/P
has difficulty in saying that the heat can not do as many as it does not even notice
the value of money
the hands can not even fully dry and the thickness can not was that
Without help
a day without the calendar and have children
specific things I have been and have exported that has small
day-to-day he then imposed himself as combing the exchange
What you like to do most is draw from
but spend most of the time I'll cross-stitch to win
some money
since early
3rd
couple
Why not enjoy
do not know
it's no accident
folks
each job
that's it
despite having a walker as a constant company
Suddenly I never gave up hope that I could lead a better life.
and if closing console little to do physical therapy
moraes
saved
it was ours
I'll be there even though I have a life marked by the
has a smile on his face